c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Project H.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Project H.pdb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.pdb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Entities\Player.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\arial.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\0.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\1.xnb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.exe
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.pdb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Entities\Player.xnb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\arial.xnb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\0.xnb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\1.xnb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Project H.exe
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Project H.pdb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\GitHub\Project-H\Project H\obj\x86\Debug\Project H.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
